Differences between C# and .NET->
C# is a programming language where as .NET is a framework for building application on windows.
.NET framework is not only limited to c#, it allowes different languages to work on it to build different applications, examples- f#, vv.NET

.NET framework consist of 2 components-
    1. CLR(Common Language Runtime)
    2. Class Library

History of C#->
before c# there were two other languages c and c++ where the compiler compiles our code into native code for machine's understandability.
In case of c and c++, these languages are platform depended meaning the exe file created by the compiler can only run in windows if it's created by a windows machine.
But in java it's a platform independent language meaning in case of java the compiler instead of creating machine language code it generates a byte code which can be processed in both windows, linux etc.
C# follows the java mentatility here and the compiler generates IL(Intermideate Language) Code, now it generates the native code. This process is done by CLR.
So CLR is an application that is sitting in the memory whoose job is to convert the IL code into Native code or MAchine code. This process is called Just-in-time compilation(JIT). 

Architecture of .NET application->
A c# application consists of building blocks called classes. These classes collaborate with each other at runtime and as a result some functionality happens.
A class is a container whic contains some data which is called attribute and some functions which are called methods.
For example, in class car the attributes are make,model,color and the functions are start(),stop(),move().
A namespace is a container for related classes. In case of c# we have namespaces for databases,security,graphics.
An assembly(DLL or EXE) is a container for namespaces.
DLL stands for Dynamically length library. EXE stands for executable.

So when you compile your application the compiler generates one or more assemblies depending on how you partition your code.
Application->Assembly->namespace->class.



